hey guys welcome to see recipe we're
gonna do a really easy bruschetta with
all fresh ingredients fresh bread and
it's actually really delicious really
easy to make so we'll get started first
you're gonna need at least four Tomatoes
and one onion you don't need one that's
quite so big take it and cut it
completely in half and you need your
knife to be very very very sharp for
this tomatoes and the skin of tomatoes
are kind of a pain sometimes and if your
knife is sharp enough you should be able
to just put the point down on the board
and just drag backwards now if your
knifes not sharp enough it actually
won't go through the skin and you'll
just kind of start plucking your
tomatoes are too ripe and too soft
you'll just turn it into a pile of mush
so make sure you get good tomatoes and
make sure your knife is very sharp and
then you're gonna go through them the
other way as small as you can cut them
through you want it nice and small
because you don't want any large chunks
of everything you want everything went
together really well
run your knife through everything so
we're using three Tomatoes we're
probably gonna use about half this onion
if you need more or less you're looking
for about 65 70 percent tomato and 3035
percent
and in the same bullets of tomatoes
this one you're gonna want to mix them
together see what if you have the ratio
of tomatoes and onions correct if you're
not sure if you have the right
consistency at this one you can actually
taste it and see if you're getting too
much onion too much tomato
and we're also gonna start with some
basil as well so your basil just roll it
up into a nice tight bundle and then
just run your knife through it nice and
small
don't spill into the book
alright so next we're gonna crush a
clove of garlic and there you want a
nice big flow you can use multiple and
start with one and we can adjust that we
need
at this point want to taste it again as
well you don't want anything to be
overpowering you want a nice balance of
everything so if it's too salty too much
basil too much garlic you'll have to
readjust everything that's why small
amounts at a time so adjust it as you
need it the last step for the bruschetta
mix is going to eat lemon juice same
thing put the juice in juice the lemon
through your fingers so you actually
catch the seeds
don't need much I used about a third of
a lemon there alright so once you have
that set up perfectly you can do this
the day before you can leave this let it
sit in the fridge for a day or two the
flavors will develop a bit more so you
can do this in advance if you're hosting
having people over so get that out of
the way when you're ready to actually
start making it you need your bread and
you're going to need a bread knife or
some sort if you try and cut how they
get like this with flat edged knife like
that it's not gonna work so well you're
gonna end up squishing it all not what
you want and you're gonna cut it on an
angle depending on how much you need go
all the way through the baguette so you
don't need to push very hard you just
run the knife through the knife will do
the work so if you're pushing you're
gonna squish the bread and crush it so
you want them about a quarter inch half
inch thick
so once you have them all cut up cookie
sheet you're gonna place everything in
so with your bread on there you're gonna
put salt pepper and olive oil so we'll
start with the olive oil you want only a
little thin layer on each of them so
what you're gonna do is use your thumb
and cover the lip halfway or
three-quarters of the way after that get
some pepper grate it over top and a
pinch of salt and now by now your oven
should be nice and hot on the top shelf
now you're gonna have to pay attention
to this because once it starts toasting
it's gonna go really quick so you go
from not toasted at all to burnt in 20
seconds so you need to keep an eye on it
make sure you watch it the whole process
depending on your oven should take
anywhere from 30 seconds to maybe a
minute and a half so check it partway to
make sure it's not burning make sure
it's coming out the way you want they're
starting to toast on the edges well this
isn't quite dark enough yet so we're
gonna put them back in so while that's
toasting as long as you're quick you can
take your Parmesan cheese you can buy it
pregrated you if you get natural block
it's gonna be the best
but don't forget to check your bread
while you're doing this that's the kind
of color you want on your bread take
your bread organize it on your pleat be
careful obviously they are very hot you
want to serve this when the bread still
is hot so you need to work somewhat
quick
all right so once you have your bread
ready it's just a nice spoonful of your
bruschetta mix onto each one of them not
too thick if you want it really thick do
it thick
grab your cheese and a spring put on
every single one
and that's it you make it fresh tomato
onion basil bruschetta fresh bread
toasted it's awesome really easy to
prepare to do the bruschetta beforehand
set it up take you ten minutes to put it
out your guests will love it you will
not have extras that's it
enjoy